Music expresses things that you can't express them on the other way.
It is so powerful.
It's just an amazing gift.
Before I got the truth, I lived for music.
I played hard and heavy rock and roll in bars and clubs
around the New York City area for many years.
To me, I just found it to be a very depressing atmosphere.
But then I developed a love for classical music
and I would practice six hours a day.
I applied to the Juilliard School for the performing arts.
I was accepted, but I did not attend.
But deep inside, something was missing.
My life changed drastically on February 16th, 1973
because that's when I learned the truth in a taxi cab.
I came to Bethel on February 16th, 1979.
When I first came to Bethel, I had to put music aside for a little bit.
I started working in the press room and that was a completely different environment for me.
I also worked with landscaping.
I worked in construction over at Walkill.
And I also worked with drafting and engineering.
These were things I was not good at,
but I really felt I learned so much from doing these things
that it really kind of groomed me.
And I think when Jehovah looked at me,
he says, well, we got somebody, we have to work with here.
Just as you tune your instrument so it can be played in tune,
Jehovah tunes you, he teaches us to keep things in their place
and put worship of him first because that's where it's proper.
When Jehovah became number one, everything else took its place.
Back in 1981, I met my wife when I was playing music at a wedding.
We fell in love with each other.
As our love for Jehovah goes through the years, our love for our mates grows.
Now, I didn't leave music completely because I still had a love for it.
I still practiced as much as I could within my Bethel schedule
and within my whole Theocratic schedule.
I don't miss it being number one.
I just feel happier now that it's in its proper place.
In 1995, when I first came over to Patterson,
I was working with audio video.
Since 2016, I've been working with music and working as a music editor and as a music composer.
Working with brothers on a piece of music,
it's real blessing and a privilege.
Jehovah is letting us take advantage of a tool that we all like to listen to,
but now using it in a way that praises him.
Our whole motive is not to earn money.
Our whole motive in using music is to glorify our Heavenly Father Joe.
And we get music from all different cultures.
And it really unites Jehovah's people.
Music it has a very special power in being able to reach the heart.
Now there's time where we just sit around and we just jam and play.
And you're really talking and communicating with each other.
There's nothing like it.
I'm happier now knowing that I've lived a clean life.
Do I have any regrets or regrets?
What I did when I was 22 years old was the best thing that ever happened to me,
because that's how I came to know Jehovah.
And that's how I was able to find a balance in my life.
Our happiness doesn't depend on our job.
Our happiness really depends upon our spirituality and our relationship with Jehovah.
That's what life is all about.
It's a wonderful life.